size comparison (#277)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

for their valuable contributions, discussions and feedback to this specification.

# Size comparison {#size-comparison}
{:unnumbered}

> The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array) and a compressedd Byte Array of UUIDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array as defined in [](#status-list-byte-array) and a compressed Byte Array of UUIDs.
```

> The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array as defined in [](#status-list-byte-array) and a compressed Byte Array of UUIDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array as defined in [](#status-list-byte-array) and a compressed Byte Array of UUIDs. Readers must be aware that these are not sizes for complete Status List Tokens in JSON/CBOR nor Certificate Revocation Lists (CRLs), as they don't contain metadata, certificates and signatures.
```

> The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array as defined in [](#status-list-byte-array) and a compressed Byte Array of UUIDs. Readers must be aware that these are not sizes for complete Status List Tokens in JSON/CBOR nor Certificate Revocation Lists (CRLs), as they don't contain metadata, certificates and signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array as defined in [](#status-list-byte-array) and a compressed Byte Array of UUIDs (as an approximation for a Certificate Revocation List). Readers must be aware that these are not sizes for complete Status List Tokens in JSON/CBOR nor Certificate Revocation Lists (CRLs), as they don't contain metadata, certificates and signatures.
```

## Status List size for varying sizes and revocation rates
{:unnumbered}

| Size | 0.01%   | 0.1%     | 1%       | 2%       | 5%       | 10%      | 25%       | 50%      | 75%       | 100%    |
| 100k | 81 B    | 252 B    | 1.4 KB   | 2.3 KB   | 4.5 KB   | 6.9 KB   | 10.2 KB   | 12.2 KB  | 10.2 KB   | 35 B    |
| 1M   | 442 B   | 2.2 KB   | 13.7 KB  | 23.0 KB  | 43.9 KB  | 67.6 KB  | 102.2 KB  | 122.1 KB | 102.4 KB  | 144 B   |
| 10M  | 3.8 KB  | 21.1 KB  | 135.4 KB | 230.0 KB | 437.0 KB | 672.9 KB | 1023.4 KB | 1.2 MB   | 1023.5 KB | 1.2 KB  |
| 100M | 38.3 KB | 213.0 KB | 1.3 MB   | 2.2 MB   | 4.3 MB   | 6.6 MB   | 10.0 MB   | 11.9 MB  | 10.0 MB   | 11.9 KB |
{: title="Status List Size examples for varying sizes and revocation rates"}

## Compressed array of UUIDv4 (128 bit UUIDs) for varying sizes and revocation rates
{:unnumbered}

> This is a simple approximation of the best case size for UUID based variants without any additional metadata (128 bit UUID per revoked entry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple approximation of a Certificate Revocation List using an array of UUIDs without any additional metadata (128 bit UUID per revoked entry).
```
